refactor (grid paging): Content update-vnext (#2338)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/grids_templates/paging.md

_keywords: angular pagination, igniteui for angular, infragistics
---

# Angular @@igComponent Pagination

> Pagination is used to split large set of data into a sequence of pages that have similar content.Angular table pagination improves user experience and data interaction.@@igComponent pagination is configurable via the [`paging`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#paging) and [`perPage`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#perpage) inputs. As in any Angular Material table, the pagination in @@igComponent supports template for custom pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pagination is used to split a large set of data into a sequence of pages that have similar content. Angular table pagination improves user experience and data interaction. @@igComponent pagination is configurable via the [`paging`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#paging) and [`perPage`]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/@@igTypeDoc.html#perpage) inputs. As in any Angular Material table, the pagination in the @@igComponent supports template for custom pages.
```

### Angular Pagination Example

> The following example represents @@igComponent pagination with options like sorting and items per page.The user can also quickly scroll through the @@igComponent pages via Go to last page and Go to first page buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example represents @@igComponent pagination and exposes the options usage of `items per page` and how paging can be enabled. The user can also quickly navigate through the @@igComponent pages via "Go to last page" and "Go to first page" buttons.
```
